you
ah
I was secretly practicing the fast ones
I love them but I found something haha
take it over and show you let me
disconnect the batteries because these
batteries are really powerful I put two
of them in ha we are safe all right the
first thing is happening as you can zoom
in here you can see the pulley this
piece is loose and it's touching the
main gear well it's not causing a
problem though but I'll better replace
it the second thing you can see what
happens to kts service mostly is they
get this little play in them and so this
two of these have got this play and they
are confusing the Beast X that's why the
helicopter goes wobbly I have reduced
the game a lot and helicopter is
actually behaving very well but it's
still on fast-forward or fast backward
flight we get those dangerous wobbles so
what I'm going to do is I'm not going to
fly this 558 I'm going to wait and put
in some good service then we will fly it
because this is one hell of a nice heli
I'm loving it let's fly 700 and turn on
the governor mode and see how it behaves
on new blades
you